all right you probably familiar with a
59 so words you actually can concatenate
and actually and recover your your HD
wallet with using a seed and so this is
actually the dictionary of what is it
like 4,000 terms and so at the IAW in
today's workshop we talked about biggest
issue right now is key recovery with so
like managing your wallets so we thought
about although about actually having a
game so you gamify key recovery so
here's just an example using a framework
for the web vr and so um oh my went to
sleep do it but basically you can look
around and actually imagine that the
word is actually attached to a
particular object in the vr and so you
actually can if you're over laying an
object that actually that would kick at
innate the the phrases so once you
actually reach the 24 phrases for HD
wallet actually it will test out
signatures now and so you actually can
do this in and uh come on there we go
alright so you can actually do this in
3d mode so actually the work with the
cardboard it'll actually work with the
oculus rift this is actually all on IP
FS so it's a node that I trust it's
hashed so actually and so you're
actually able to to navigate this
offline and do your key recovery so or
you can actually do a more complicated
example this is uh a cityscape so wait
for it see cubes so you imagine actually
you can tile through and actually like
progressively download a new room or a
new cityscape sprinklin sprinkled in
with all these data elements that
actually would be so here's an example
um the first example is what forty lines
of HTML and so what you do it actually
is right in the blue box I've added a
data element for a word that I basically
you concatenate those those words that's
it
so PRWeb